GitHub Actions docs updated with official GitHub Action (#1144)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/packaging-applications/build-servers/github-actions.md

### Example workflows

> Here's a few example workflows for Linux, MacOS, and Windows to list deployments from a specific Octopus Deploy server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a few example workflows for Linux, MacOS, and Windows to list deployments from an Octopus Deploy instance.
```
